Facebook Trolling: Ticker Edition
Published on September 23, 2011.
I sort of have a tradition when it comes to Facebook updates.
When Facebook introduced polls, I took advantage of the viral sharing properties to expand my poll to more than my close circle of friends .
The Facebook ticker feature just rolled out this week, and yesterday Spotify integrated with Facebook’s new graph api.
I’ve noticed a whole lot of ticker updates since then from my friends’ playlists.
I decided I would have some fun with the Ticker feature, so I went on Spotify and made a playlist of just “Never Gonna Give You Up.”
At first I thought it had not worked, but it looks like my friends are now all aware of my favorite song in the world.
I mostly mess with Facebook to point out unintended consequences of their design decisions.
In this case, something passive like listening to music overpowers stuff that might actually be interesting, like a comment or a post.
I wonder if Facebook will change their ticker behavior, or continue to allow it to be used for a “firehose” of info while the news feed will be used for more interesting/important stuff.